Today's my birthday. Never thought I'd spend it completely cut off from the human race and depressed over the fact that my former comfort TV (VMars) decided to completely betray its fans. just started vmars, not feeling it 2 eps in, when will I be convertedisabel watching vmars, anabea watching dtm, and lyd watching zoey's i am t h r i v i n gNOT FACEBOOK VMARS STANS SAYING JASON DORING SHOULD BE HERCULESFJDOSKDJFOENDUGIFHF i didn't even continue that season I was like naaah we don't accept that. but I was meaning you'll see matt czuchry on vmarsa vmars acc followed me on ig little do they know i’ll never edit it again Right there with ya... S3E14 and I have developed a serious crush = It's really been almost a year since that craptastic vmars season huh? Time ain't real y'allOh wow, and now Beaver from VMars on Bones. I know this is normal in crime shows but wowAnd these are mostly just a couple Bones examples because I watched a season and a half of Bones in the last 36 hours, but there were a ton of crossovers between VMars, Buffy, and Smallville. i’m still not over what they did on vmars. i’ll never forgive rob thomas!!! and when they did that dawson’s creek EW reunion last year kevin williamson talked about what he would do if he ever did a continuation series and it didn’t sound terrible tbh!I think it really just speaks to the lack of imagination with this most recent instalment of VMars. I hope that if they make another one, it stays a little more faithful to the feminist message of the show.they just mentioned oth, vmars, gilmore girls and the oc wOW lol ya same creator for both shows!!! i mean nice for them i guess that they all had such fun making vmars that they wanted to hang out again. meanwhile i suffered..... For real though. That last VMars season.. I pretend it never happened absolutely not even a question There is cast trope synergy between VMars and BtVS. Buffy=Veronica. Logan=Spike. Mack=Willow. Is her dad Giles or Joyce? please cast BtVS if it were remade with the VMars cast.Y’all I just found out that my manager who loves vmars also has the same favorite movie that I feel like nobody has ever heard of (it’s called The Fall and it stars Lee Pace) and I’m so happy vmars Logan is superior BY FAR!!he is like logan’s dad from vmars except maybe worse???Shawn Hunter on vmars!!! ahhh favorite vmars scenes I loved her as Kendall Casablancas in VMars Yes let’s and we can play cup pong and watch VMarsI really wanna go home and watch VMars omgvmars s4 worst thing to ever happen to me Watching Soundtrack on Netflix. Not like VMars at all but very good!!I just got to the point in my VMars rewatch where Joss Whedon shows up as a car rental concierge. Anddddd... yeah.