Okay. Am I confused? I thought we were able to watch season 1-3 of on before season 4 is released on July 26th. Is it select Hulu accounts or none? I need my vmars fix! Help a Marshmallow out, please.I just saw the VMars movie again, and I gotta say, I cannot wait till they have a budget again. Whaaa? Wow. I'm a huge VMars fan but had noooo clue. I should've wondered what was up with the capital V I keep seeing around. But like, just barely. The animation im thinking of was Halloween 05, which would have been after the show started but before a string of episodes got simulcast on CBS, which was my intro to VMars. Let’s get drunk yeah, i’ve heard something like that. but i guess i’m taking a little time when i finish vmars, too much to take in till july. who knows? 😂 I love jealous Vmars because she always pretends nothing affects her, but her love for Logan is epic that she can't help but be vulnerable A lot of people think Piz is sweet, but I hate him + find him annoying, so I totally get u. The book is gr8 (much better than the movie, imo). Kristen Bell voices the audiobook, so it feels like an ep of VMars. You're so lucky. I wish I could watch the show 4 the 1st time.🥰 Too late and then I had to like, rewind to make sure it happened. All those lingering glances, and we couldn't linger on a kiss? Also I just looked at every VMars gif trying to find one of her and Logan kissing in the movie. That's a satisfying kiss.BUFFY, ANGEL, VMars, and GILMORE GIRLS were the shows my sister, who is 14 years younger than me, and I watched together. (And TRUE BLOOD, but she was older then.) I have fast passes too VMars, One Day at a Time, The Good Place: The Podcast and Good Trouble! I am planning on doing Opening night too, even without the fast pass. I really want to check out Most Likely to Laugh too so 🤞🤞🤞🤞theo rossi being in zack's next movie when i've been in love with him since vmars.... i don't know how to lose dLKJFLKDJ i thought maybe there was some other book i didn't know about but i'm reading defy me after i finish the second vmars book ikr. vmars is one of my all time favourite shows but also very clearly created by a straight white man. forever hoping for lesbian mac. vmars is so bad with lgbt rep it is ridiculous. i could understand it in the show because uhhh mid-2000s cw, but the movie and the books have no excuse! luke is our best rep and he’s closeted and being blackmailed, it’s hardly Goodvmars was a show ahead of its timeanyway the vmars revival is going to ruin my life, i know this. This is like Josh Gordon giving his 7th statement on his marijuana use new fan! Watched the movie first, it!! Binge watched the series last 2 weeks, fell in love with VMars. Can't wait for S4! I'm a Vmars girl at heart, but I might have to OITNB until they tell us when we are getting Vmars in the UK. 😢i swear if they don’t put we used to be friends in the new vmars episodes..... i swear.... Back in the day you could watch it on the old WB site... I miss those days! Hopefully, Hulu comes thru! I miss Vmars a lot!!! *banging fist on the table* vmars vmars vmars vmars But she rewatched the original VMars on Instagram. It’s the best rabbit hole out there.  I think I also have to be drawn to the actors, I adore from VMars which was why initially liked Jo from SPN. I’m not a huge Jessica Alba fan, so I never really found enjoyment in Dark Angel ficsI thought I was being crazy, but I rly do think my ex went thru everything that he knows that has personal value to me while I was in Vegas bc all of those things are just... gone. VMars, all PS34 games, lord knows what else... idk, jokes on u buddy, all of it is replaceable 🤷🏻‍♀️ Vmars no go contain us. The whole u/sarki sef.July 26 is gonna be a busy streaming day between vmars and oitnbvmars' talents? gold man, G O L D I'M SO EXCITED FOR IT!!! The books are good, too! The first one at least is narrated by Kristen Bell herself, so it sounds just like Vmars reading a Vmars book, haha. So good! Yeah I'm excited for VMars! Superstore finale was pretty good as well It’s going in my fast pass preferences! VMars too!Over the weekend I got on the Roku to watch the latest iZombie (also a rec from my sister, the hugest KBell / VMars fan ever) and remembered our convo so I loaded up Amazon and clicked play.“Up high VMars.” holy SHIT VMARS IS GETTING A SEASON 4 ON HULU?!?!???!???! how did i knoif the vmars revival dont use the long time ago we used to be friends theme music then what has ANY of this been aboutWatching the Na/ncy Drew trailer only made me want to rewatch VMars instead tbh. Haha yay!! I will put it on my list then lol. Do you know if it’s on Netflix or Hulu or anything? I have to catch up on Black Lightning and then do a VMars rewatch before the new episodes drop in July but eventually I’ll get there.(Also, he was amazing to my step-ish daughter when she was a background actress on a VMars episode and I will forever be grateful to him for that) I am!! Vmars is one or those shows i watched growing up and completely fell in love. I am SO looking to see everyone againReally, writers? GameGirl? That’s the best you could come up with? 