that book is so good but I want to watch the vmars movie too much to be able to read rn. vmars movie timeomg 1x21 of vmars omggggg!!!! Also just because gueststars are more famous doesn’t mean people will care about them at all. Viewers tune in because they love the relationships between the characters - not because a guest star has an awardnot me blaring chicago and wanting to rewatch the vmars movie for the 2nd time this week already pleeeease do VMars!!!VMars update: I'm midway through season 3 and that first mystery was as hrmmmm as I was warned. Otherwise, still an enjoyable show!So i *finally* watched and it’s amazing. (I’m midway through 2nd season.). Especially when I remember from VMars. Jessica Jones is basically my in my soul. is truly great as the Ssn1 big bad.Thoughts on BUNHEADS: 1. Glad we finally watched it 2. It took 2 epis before it became interesting. 3. 3 epis before it felt like classic A.S-P. 4. Amazing dancers, not just actors who are trained choreo 5. Season/series ends even more abruptly than VMars s3Okay i'll shut up about Abba and Mamma Mia after this tweet but..... Kristen Bell and Amanda Seyfried collab on a song plz. Make my VMars heart full Like any show, some people hate it, some people love it. The new season wasn’t good, but, as it’s a show I liked, I still would take more of it. VMars new stuff was good (movie and new season) even though the third season was meh. nooo that made lorelai and (especially) rory terrible characters and the vmars revival? yikessss. please can we just leave things alone friends’ ending doesn’t need to be touchedI need my irl / Israeli Ibf will watch vmars. It’s missing them hours and I need to talk with someone.im watching vmars interviews and im sad :( I'd agree with that. When I read them it was because the first one came out some time after the movie and once I'd gotten a taste of new VMars I didn't want it to end The Closer was such a great show! I miss it. I still haven’t been able to watch the last season of VMars because of what I found out happened to Logan. Would love to see this character brought back for repeat appearances! JD has great range, you wouldn't regret it! olha o gatilho em falar do final de vmars 🤧im making veronica and wallace / logan / veronica scene packs which means IM REWATCHING VMARS BYEEEEmy dog and I have really laid in bed and watched vmars for the past 6 hoursjason’s frosted tips during the first season of vmars...VMARS IS GETTING SO GOOD OH MY GODare my plans tonight to rewatch some vmars and have soup so I hopefully feel better for work tomorrow? yep