 What a help he’s going to be VMars is T1 also Get back to me when you can say the same for VMars 1. btvs 2. ats 3. degrassi tng 4. oth 5. dawsons 6. gilmore girls have not seen charmed or the oc in its entirety or any vmars! She was also on VMars but she’ll always be Kristina to meoh my god I can't believe Ritter is presenting??? she's supposed to be the bitch from VMars and GG and Apt 23 Which? VMars or Good Place? Hahaha Hahahahaha glooks slimeee ✊🏼nearly everything about vmars season 3 was awful ESP because of this storyline, who thought this was necessary??Having a VMars kind of day. replied to my tweet this morning. is following me back. And I drove to the store specifically for marshmallows cause I was having a craving.  SO MUCH VMARS TODAY! 5 IS TWW. THAT ONE I AM SURE OF. 2. is either Buffy or VMars? 3. is def Chuck 4. is PR or B99? 1. could've been Greys but their job isn't odd so... Leverage?Nope nope nope nope nooooooooooope. (This is about a VMars casting spoiler.)I'm honestly just trying to survive until VMars revival, Peaky S5, Mr Robot S4, and gods-disguised-as-directors-return-to-save-mankind Nolan/Snyder/Villeneuve 2020. LoVe (VMars), JoeyxPacey (Dawson’s Creek), Kalagang, Herlito, Nomanita (Sense8), BatCat (Gotham), Jongritte (GoT), Malec (Shadowh), Spiffy (Buffy), CaseyxCappie (Greek), Olicity (Arrow), Destiel (SPN), Leyton, Naley (OTH), CarriexBrody (Homeland), Chair (GossipG) Lol no, I just went on the tour and the tour guide pointed out that it was going to be on VMars so I checked the tag for info! (She said it was okay to take photos so hopefully it’s fine that I posted this😂) Been looking at playing with VMOs and VMARs in the Zircon kernel for Fuchsia to see what is possible there. Good call. Also, based on this tweet, VMars is now my plan for the rest of this evening (in which there is one more hour of awake). Thank you, 💯, perfect choices made by all."I'm sorry, so like you're allergic to good acting?" Man, I'm not even there and I wanna punch him. Pull from your VMars days, Ryan. Punch first, talk later. "What can I say? The Mayor's a big VMars fan." Me too, Ryan. Me too. PS - it's my goal to get that trending by the end of this. 😉 ^^^^