btvs, dawsons, gilmore girls, one tree hill, the oc, vmars what a time the way there used to be an entire vmars fandom but it totally dissolved after the revival.... woofI lover the cast and adore small-town-w/secrets settings (once again we will not talk about the VMars Hulu crimes)! The season got cut short due to COVID but honestly what they used for the finale was incredible and impactful and I can't believe it wasn't planned as the finale! wait do yall have a link for the vmars movie? wait have u seen vmars Ohh yeah I love all 3 shows. And the fact that joss guest starred on vmars is hilarious to me. Have you watched angel before? the first two actually hurt me the Worst wait till u watch dawsons and vmars I think she's relying on other things and could have cared less whether VMars season 5 got picked up or not. Also, the way Veronica was written, it was embaeand she should be ashamed that this is what she thinks her daughters will look up to. Whatever. Honestly I was always such a huge fan of here's but this has made me lose so much respect for her. I think it was calculating and it was petty. All I know is that if her career tanks, she will sure wish that she didn't blow the opportunity to have more seasons of VMars.i need to slow down on posting fanfic bc now i have THREE pieces in the "most recent" page of the vmars tag Ask Logan Echolls and Weevil... gonna quick dump this here as i rewatch vmars instead of subjecting myself to the DNC: i should buy a chrysler lebaron Agreed. I’m glad I read spoilers for the season before investing my time just to watch him die for this absolutely stupid and enraging decision. As far as I’m concerned, VMars ended with the movie and rob thomas can suck it gives me vmars vibesThe only thing I need to add to that VMars discussion is about the marriage and kids thing, because yeah they HAD already discussed marriage, even just fleetingly, and Logan knew she didn't want to and bought a ring anyway. It's why she gets mad at him.except like vmars buti finished this book in an afternoon damn what the fuck thank you vmars obsession i guess finished season 1 of VMars. Really Good!should i rewatch vmars for the third timei finally watched vmars season 4 and cried for a good hour after absolutely epic. Now i'm actually questioning whether Watchmen, Riverdale, and Little Drummer Girl belong now. They are more like adaptations/reimaginings? So they qualify as shows based on IP, but are different from VMars S4 or Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life.