 I love his word of the day voice mails. God VMars is brill I HAVENT DONE ANYTHING PROUD WORTHY BUT IM WAITING TO WATCH VMARS WITH YOU But truly...I have lost 12 shows between 2017-2019...I am devastated 😭 (Thank God VMARS is coming back!)Team Duncan or Team Logan  Very wise. I don't actually need that but it's great. I did most of my donating yesterday too, but then saw VMars and like...how can I not?OK I'm about to go try to organize the back bedroom into a home office which includes pulling a piece of furniture out of a closet, so hold off on buying me the vmars bag in case I die of spiders please tell me Wallace's mom is back. Yours truly, a Marshmallow  this changes a lot: christy, vmars and amanda I think she noticed the way Aaron looked at her and wanted to prove she could get with him. Logan getting hurt in her mind teach him that she was over him. The bonus for her was the way this going to hurt Celeste I FEEL LIKE THIS RESPONSE IS SO NEGATIVE i always recommend vmars i've shown it to multiple people it IS one of my favourite shows i just have complex feelings about certain aspects of it but. veronica is MY girl and i feel like it's prime to watch with the new season coming. I’ll have to check that out The new lion king is gonna end society Start a regime What do they do with them now that all they know how to do is perform the lion king tho?all this vmars content on the timeline...i’m thriving She found out right away who got shot in WW and who was at Veronica's door in VMars. Charmed life she's living!sorry i guess i'm having a vmars breakdown tonight but wallace and veronica....my best kidsi just watched all the vmars instagram stories, and wow i'm gonna scream. i can't wait. I'm so excited for the VMars revival! I gave some funding to the Kickstarter and I've loved the show since was 15! Just promise me one thing: Please, please please pleasepleaseplease please don't kill off Keith Mars. I want the man to live a long and happy(ier) life. Been waiting for this... Us Vmars fans make things happen 😀😉❤️tl talking about vmars rpf is making me think of the WILDEST RPF of all time, the novel length lotr/lost rpf about the imaginary kids of the casts of lotr and lost i was invested to a TRULY shameful degree in trying to befriend vmars BNFslike i love vmars but jackie cook deserved better and tbh tessa thompson knows thisTarde maravillosa al lado de los q mas amo Mi familia lo mejor que me pudo pasar en Sta loca vida las amo mucho  The fact that you ready to go at 8:30 am 😂 I don't have VMars because when I reviewed season 1 it was on Netflix and then it got taken off when I started doing S2.Can this day be over already? I wanna watch VmarsIf you are a classic "Hey! It is that guy!" B list actor and you have NOT been cast in the VMars reboot you should be taking it very personally. Yark the L ride Dick Casablancas being in three seasons of that show without getting castrated murdered is in my top one VMars rage point.Dick Casablancas being a fan favorite from VMars is easily in my top five fandom rage points.Vmars season finales really outsell jdjejehejdbj I never saw it coming Ha! Miss you and forever grateful you introduced me to vmars! This must be like what it was to be on Twitter during the movie. All the texts! All the DMs! All the spec! ❤️you VMars fandom friends.