I need to follow vmars but I cannot stop rewatching tgp,, someone stop meI’m torn. I donated to that VMars Kickstarter. And the movie gave me a happy ending. But it spurred the worst ending I’ve ever had to experience. So I wish I could take my money back and murder that movie and episodes like you murdered our amazing Logan.Y’all we legit finished up the first season of vmars and they were like okay so next episodeVmars and Rey are obvs written from the same playbook. They are the "cool girl" standing alone at the end; antihero lovers dead without any signs of mourning; other significant relationships ephemeral at best; with a childlike attachment to parental figures.no wait, she was on vmars before this showreading the vmars books studying for my examsthe old vmars clips just hit me in my feels VMars is an example of where they should've taken the character and sent her to college for season 2 instead of "your high school lost another submarine" That said, the shows like VMars that do what a detective novel series would do are taking the best of two fraught approaches. The other one can feel better for an extra season or two but the downside is way worse.I’m super excited VMars is (I assume) taking the latter approach, but it’s an unenviable position to have to come up with season 2’s central arc I’m sure.I’m loving VMars, but I also feel like, almost by definition of what this first season is about, there’s no way future seasons could match it. getting close to the end of VMars season 1 and can totally see why you stopped here. This feels like a complete, personal story that could have been a single season show. Texans Titans champ game gonna be pretty weird😂The key flip for me in going from liking to loving VMars is not what I’d have guessed, but totally makes sense: way stronger stories for Keith.The guest star spotting in VMars is really some next level stuff. Who *wasn’t* in this?They are *hooked* on vmars baybeeand swarkles and jackie/hyde obviously deserved to end up together but if you technically just ignore the final season and write in a better ending thats still a reality ❤️ and vmars revival never happenedthe ending in the vmars movie is better than the ending in vmars season 4 AND NOW I HAVE TO CRY MYSELF TO SLEEP🥺😭I would really love more episodes like “Echolls Family Christmas” in VMars! This is a very good show, but man is it better with the focus more on the main cast.So, wait. The falsely accused murderer in VMars is played by... BRISCO COUNTY JR.'s Socrates Poole? Bwahahahahaha *amazing*.Jo from Supernatural just showed up in VMars, reminding me how angry I am about them killing Jo and Ellen off on Supernatural. I mean, it's *generally* agreed upon that seasons 1 2 are peak VMars. Some of the really early stuff is a bit eh, but I distinctly remember eps/arcs in S1 that I loved.I'm 7-ish episodes through VMars and, at this point, I'm liking but not loving it. Is that normal? Did I LOVE THIS kick in right away for the big time fans? What was that ? You lost the bet? Sad thing is, if you’d just written the show we loved you would have been pretty much guaranteed more seasons. VM was prefect the way it was, you didn’t need to get rid of all the relationships that made ur show unique A-fucking-men Rain all weekend up thereI like a lot about VMars, but the procedural side of the show is... really not clicking for me. I haven’t figured out if the cases are too convoluted or too shallow, but something about them feels like stretching out the episode away from the interesting stuff.On episode 7 of VMars and my current read is that Lily is basically the worst human, except for maybe Logan. But it'll have to wait until after VMars, which is... going to take me a bit. Leave Friday or Saturday? This weekend ?someone stop me from rewatching vmars before ive finished Bones Charmed. happy birthday to my favorite person ever. the person who I can cry to about missing logan veronica or jim pam. my the office and vmars buddy. you’re the sweetest person I’ve ever met on this app. I love you to the moon and back.even if *** turned out to be a completely different show in the end and even had differences in s1...my point isn’t that *** copied vmars, it’s to put into perspective that if you’re going to claim rd/13rw is a copy of *** you might as well claim *** is a copy of vmars I keep forgetting I need to see it every time I’m starting a new show. I might use it to break up VMars, which I can tell is gonna need breaks because network tv is impossible to binge.On episode 6 of VMars and thinking about how much more suited it is to the era of shorter seasons that immediately followed its run. lol for some reason i just saw this post now (you should really enable comments btw- who doesn't need more dumpster fires in their lives). weirdly your takes here are good. except riverdale. leftovers season 1 is so bad i never gave the rest a chance. vmars season 3 is 5 stars. Never EVER!! I love your enthusiasm for this show even though it was months ago. I would love to see this same enthusiasm go towards saving an incredible show that got cancelled too early. Have you watched ? If not you should!  Or if you hadn’t already, using a VMars gif means you have now.PAULA MARSHALL IN VMARS! Love 2 tweet excitement about a 15 year old episode.VMars fam, give me your best reasons for why LoVe could break up (from movie to S4). So far I've got: 1. he's healthy, she's toxic (s4) 2. V can't deal with his deployments (post movie) Promise to give you credit if I use it.  she said she watched fnl vmars to prepare for writing it so im expecting some new age version of LoVe or tim/lyla ugh im so readyi'm like, simultaneously rewatching veronica mars and buffy and in vmars i'm at "nobody puts baby in a corner" and in buffy i'm at "the body" so it's just like...which emotionally laborious episode do i feel like watching today?I can seriously quote the vmars movie oh yeah very sexy of the vmars movie and LoVe i thinkMY MOM GETS SO EXCITED TO WATCH VMARS TOGETHER AT NIGHTthink I might fuck around and reread both of the vmars novelsfuck, I feel like rewatching the vmars movie You got a dog if you want itSaw the ending on VMars season 4, and WHAT?? Are you kidding me?? No. No no NO. I really want to rewatch vmars again ?????so much of VMars is about how easy it is to make incorrect assumptions about people and how important is it to be willing to adjust your ideas of who they are and I LOVE IT SO MUCH That’s basically how I felt about it. Just you wait til you get to a certain VMars familiar face... It is... something...which episode of vmars should be the first one I watch in 2020?Veronica Mars: Mr. Kiss-and-Tell by Jennifer Graham. I found this when I was prepping for the new season. Both this and the Million Dollar Tan Line are great VMars stories. They capture her voice so well and even pick up a couple loose threads from earlier seasons.o Ian tá tão maravilhoso na VMars😭❤️anyway, gonna start my 2020 right by watching some of my favorite vmars and the office episodes when I get off work