 Beth I donated money to make the VMars movie happen. You and I are now besties. Please inform your current best friend of the new hierarchy. We should make Jason Peters our every down back due to he will probably have a longer season then at Left Tackle Yea was just curious, I’d rather not have to put Ertz there tho would rather have him out there along with agholor and for Matthews I just don’t think he’s anything special especially after the catch Not if we have Josh Jacobs backing him up Think we’ll end up drafting a back in round 2 or somethin close to it, hopefully Yea I just thing people are freaking out a little about the running back situation, def would rather have Alshon, Agholor, and DJax then Alshon, Djax and like Mack Hollins or Jordan Matthews Jay 🚂 for dirt cheap Why?The college bribery case sounds like a VMars season story arc GOD SO MANY??? -in VMars "Ruskie Business" when Logan learns it's Trina and not his mom at the Neptune Grand -Joan of Arcadia "Jump" when Joan's mom reads Adam's mom's note with Fiona Apple's Across the Universe cover playing -IN DEREK WHEN IVOR THE DOG GETS PUT DOWN, FUCK Of course! Your comment on my last chapter mentioned you liked VMars and I just realized I RTd this from my personal account 😂 I’m Malliday Looove Veronica Mars. Have you watched iZombie? Vastly different from my previous suggestions but worthwhile for VMars fans. I know you're WAY past VMars and may have already figured this out but VP Clemmons' first name is "Van". It's not part of his last name 🙃 ... P.S. cannot wait to get to iZombie podcast episodes! the themes and world as seen through VMars is just ideal - California, wealthy parents, dopey kids, low level schemes, the inherent sense of unfairness and the knowledge that things are institutionally corruptlisten i really need to flex bc this is the best thrift store experience i have ever had... i spent in total and got 3 seasons of vmars, a sweater, and 2 mugs. BRO !!!!kristen said season four of vmars should be out this summer i’m so ready Agree to disagree here buddy I’m tired of talking about it Bottom line is we should move on from him, that’s too much Finally getting around to your Firefly coverage and got a shout out 🥰🥰 Also, had to stop VMars when I listened so catching up on that also! Loving your opinions, don't always agree but that's the best part, I think!! We out  Wow, I could not more vehemently disagree, I thought it was close to perfect. It was everything I wanted from a VMars movie Can’t tell if you wanted the pants on or... We stay drunk and we stay embarrassing ourselves I think you gals overreacted on the Leo VMars dating. I have never thought Leo was predatory/using his authority over her. If anything, she is using him. Just because they are dating doesn't mean they are having sex - in response to the "statutory rape" comment YOU just finished s2 of yesterday! OMG LOVED IT!Signed up to YouTube Premium only to watch your show. Even my mum was howling with laughter. luv’d you since the early VMars days. Fingers crossed for s3 🤞🤞🤞 VMars bottle opener keychain and the bag isn’t even open yet? It’s already the best swag bag ever. ....do they even need this much money? Not an insult or judgement..I say this as a person that threw money at Babadook and VMars..but, what are their stretch goals right now?: Mary and I were super pumped to be watching a modern series after Buffy/Vmars and even Dollhouse, but it's crazy how quickly things changes. This show is out here referencing ipods and facebook videos as the hot tech. At least we're not jacked into the net.  I look to TheWB (and UPN somewhat) and the writers and casts that came out of some of their series (Buffy, Dawsons and Vmars in particular) game-changing. Very few recent YA dramas have transcended their quality.