what if i watched vmars to cheer myself up from the fact that i had a movie night planned with someone but he doesn’t care 🥴🥴 omg vmars AH I MISS IT btvs vmars bmw and hod are all so good so any one of those 🥰🥰It’s also the only episode of Buffy I’ve seen. I had to thanks to a media studies class and hated it. We also watched an season 1 episode of Veronica Mars (the one where Veronica and Logan have secret makeouts in bathrooms) — immediately went out and watched all of VMars. nicee, im gonna see if i watch it after finishing vmars, dc and breaking bad sjsjsjsthe amount of vmars on my tl thank you very much i approvewhy is pacey’s mother aka sue from glee in vmars they want me to collapse righti wanna watch vmars oh yeah, i read that she’s in 11 episodes, but vmars still intrigued me so im gonna watch after dc and bbalso forgot i started vmars i promise i wanna watch it i’m just busy and actually want to pay attention to it Very sound logic. My money is still on VMars but you know I'm incredibly biased. Agreed. Here's where I'm currently at: GG has big Back to School energy, but is also the most exhausting option of the bunch. FNL has the disastrous second season, but also Tim Riggins. And VMars is perhaps too dark for *These Unprecedented Times* but also the most hopeful? Frankly I can't even believe there are other options when VMars is on the table??? 사랑입니다 Emily, at the rate I’m going bald, you’re not going to find many more hairs to split like this. Also, tweeted like someone who didn’t watch the Hulu season of VMars. PLEASE WATCH VMARS OMGno but im actually so sad and bitter and i wanna talk vmars with someone skskski didn’t watch vmars today, i’m felling empty insidecolin from jens body is an extra in vmars i love my life That's a good point. I spent an afternoon with some of VMARS at WPR a few years ago, having played with period kit before, and gave me newfound appreciation on an often overlooked piece of critical kit.if anyone makes vmars edits pls lmk i wanna love and support uthis is my 'please like and follow tweet if you've seen veronica mars' pls i want mutuals who love vmars and logan echollsyou think im joking but when i rewatch vmars next week instead of the shows noelle has given me you will seewatch me deal with this trauma by rewatching all of vmars and screencapping my by and just forever crying stream vmars on hulu and i looovveee blue bell homemade vanilla only Big VMars fan, have not heard of teenage bounty hunters, will check it out!also veronica not wanting to do therapy ,, mayhaps im more like s4!vmars afterallright back to vmars and my impending death 😊just found out chris lowell is in vmars and it moved significantly up my watchlist Always room in my heart for more magical characters ❤️ From VMars to Eleanor, they all mean so much to me! Can’t wait!do I watch s4 of vmars help me outalso the fact i cant screencap vmars till a date is criminal but really i shouldve thought this out better ,, i just didnt think id fall for it this hardokay lemme watch the vmars movie now !vmars is an actual badass and i am in forever awe of heri will watch psych until ju comes back to watch vmarsabout to start the vmars movie who else is scaredoomfs when do i watch the psych movie?? i will NOT have another repeat of what happened with vmarsits over so back to vmars!!the fact im stuck watching a work training video right now instead of vmars is criminal ZOEYS VMARS OR MINDY vmars is a classic I highly recommend but don't watch the revival 3 vmars !! VMARS OR HODcan i cry bc im really trying ti decide why i thought starting vmars would be such a good ideaalthough current vmars moots if i have any ,, pls feel free to befriend me okay thank uim beginning to think im gonna have to watch season four if i wanna drown in veronica/logan edits once im done with vmars wait have u watched vmars bc i feel like veronica deserves to be included 😌 vmars and what app is thisme vs wanting to talk about my vmars and mostly logan/veronica with no one to do it with 😊 i would join y’all but idk i just love my vmars pfp.... so gender for some reason dude i fckd my vmars thread up as well so lemme join uvery tempted to watch vmars without ju right now leave angel for later also vmars is short noooo start vmars with us allii think my gilmore girls rewatch thread got deleted but my vmars livetweet is fine ?vmars is short so see how i finish it in two weeksHello noted vmars director, John T. Kretchmer; don't think you've gone unnoticed! STREAM VMARS ITS EVERYTHING vmars is shorter so quicker to get through VMARS LETS SCREAM ON THE TL TOGETHER AGAIN KATEnot me thinking to make vmars archive account im insane