será que eu consigo rever vmars antes do revival /3Taking a break from my GOT marathon with the VMars movie.  You had me at shots At this rate I’m gonna be queen of hell Save me a spot? Going to track meet with 0 sleep. U got this Always feel so bad for Capra, I thought for sure he was gonna be a huge thing after VMars and then...oof also vmars clip and release date god im bloated Wait a VMars trailer dropped today too!? And the show comes out TWO DAYS after my birthday? Happy birthday to me! BLACKPINK + VMARS + RHONY.. you're Venn Diagramming all my interests today. The only thing you're missing is Britney's leaked, long-buried David LaChapelle Make Me video. OFFICIALLY A VMARS TWITTERSaiu a data do revival de VMars. O q significa q tá na hora de um rewatch, evidentemente.FIRST MY SON MICKEY IS BACK THEN THE VMARS CLIP AND RELEASE DATE NOW GOOD GIRLS WOOOOOOKBell’s commitment to resurrecting over and over again is remarkable. Can’t wait for the new eps this summer, and for the sequel she’ll inevitably do when she’s in her 70s where VMars investigates the shady management of the nursing home she’s staying in. I have actually started a VMars rewatch MANY times but always stall out when I get to season 2I'll never forget that I watched Vmars because of Lola and she didn't even ask mecannot WAIT until got is over and we can focus on MY shows, qots and vmars. it’s MY turn to be annoying already.vmars and star wars teaser in the same day? god is realVim aqui dizer que VMars volta em julho mas ja estarei no internato e dai nao poderei assistir. Shoot me 12 dollars u like vmars!?vmars and 4 weddings and a funeral in july ... hulu is feeding us well this summeri’m scared that the vmars revival will fuck up LoVe. the film ending was so perfect for them man i dont want angst :(OMG OMG OMG VMARS IM DRIVING DI I CANT WATCB ITWAIT. Hold the forking phone. Disney is the majority stakeholder in now, Veronica Mars is now a Hulu original. And since VMars is basically the queen (or princess, if you will) of Neptune, does that make a Disney Princess twice over?  I'll get snacks! It will be a thing we'll all binge VMars!!!!! :) Omgggg amo Vmars!!! Ja quero!!!We got a VMars teaser and the first Episode 9 trailer. I am a bundle of emotions right now.vmars coming back during my winter break... the most valid show quick question. will the VMars series and movie still be put on the service before the revival? if so when? gotta get a rewatch in! :) de a VMars filmben, amit pár éve forgattak, újra összejöttek, nem?In a meeting came back to VMars *and* Star Wars, thank you Friday. I gasped at the backflip. I am ready! Will you be adding the old seasons as well? I need to rewatch everything before VMars comes back. I did ..... long time ago .... s3 was really unfinished but yeah There's never enough VMars OMG THE VMARS trailer dropped!!! -runs to go watch it-[Why is VMars releasing teasers during Star Wars trailer release hour is everyone at Hulu really really dumb] They're def working around her schedule. I think Good Place shot from spring to mid fall last year and VMars went from Nov. to March and then good place just started up again. I don't think she did any film work in 2018Today is a good day unlike my other Fridays. I got to watch the Star Wars panel during lunch and update about it. And A VMARS teaser. Like wow I needed this friday IM CRYING AT WORK IS THAT VMARS TGING REAL with new VMars premiering in july, when will the backlog be available to stream? What I would give to have you all over to my house for an airing of VMars! I have all the DVDs and the wines. Watching you watch for this first time---wow, would be SO fun! I should bring my DVDs to TX just in case, right?Si traen Hulu traen vmars I actually really like that song and think VMars kinda butchered it.Leanne you bitch! I forgot you blew Veronica’s college fund twice.  I hope to see exactly what you want us to see. The full story and proper ending, elegant swan song and grand finale. And at least one more VMars guest star ... maybe Duncan, Piz, Mac, or Lilly?! Thanks bro bro‼️ Both and are legendary. I’m a big fan of both of their works. But I’m pretty sure the former isn’t doing a concert at Mohegan this summer, he has a new VMars season to worry about. I'll (likely) be in California from 7/6-7/19. Let's hope the VMars gods are kind to us and let us watch the premiere IN PERSON TOGETHER.When the new VMars comes out i will lose my god damn mind and it will be the only thing i talk about for monthsI keep seeing but not reading that Kristen Bell "new VMars is controversial" article because I like to imagine that Veronica is MRA now heard you won't be livetweeting vmars with us when it airs because of the controversial content... i respect that ofc but also: just the pilot and finale? maybe? love you xx Oh no! You're not abandoning your fic are you? I'm terrible at reviewing when I read in bed (which is all I do now with my spine issues) but your stories are always my favourite VMars fics. I know you gotta do what you gotta do, but you're appreciated.now, how long do I have to wait until I start my VMars rewatch? Hulu is very vague with the release date for SEASON 4 OMG me with vmars and tgp honestly