 I....... Listen to so many podcast and listen to a few Vmars one. Who even are they? Is this a fake troll account. Wtfvmars marathon is SO oneverything started going wrong when vmars killed logan. rob thomas u were HELLA wrong for thati really want to rewatch season 1 2 of vmars now. Tellement horrible Vmars i don’t understand why but i’ll still smash the like button for a solid vmars reference Both services are available and VMars is in none of them. the way the traits of each sign display themselves vary from placement to placement. A ♍️ sun is v different than a VMars, but the traits are the same themselves. If you are aware of the basic traits of ♍️ and just plug them into whatever Mars affects, then it may be easier to My friend who got me to watch vmars in the first place seems confident that it’ll happen, but in like 2 years or something Well if not Logan I would pick Piz... VMARS!!! VmarsR*b Th*mas really has me out here not trusting a show runner and their press stuff because we were all happy with VMars and they did us so dirty. Please mr levy I would like to stay happy and I trust you, I’ve just been burned 😅omg wait i DO know him he was in vmars and parksjust thought about rob thomas taking vmars fans' money and then killing off logan because for some reason a woman being both a detective and a wife is boring to him. GOD, FUCK HIM Got final season as well. 2 amazing lead women turned to shitholding tl hostage with 90s/early 2000s shows always pays off eventually which means i WILL make yall stan alias like how i made ppl start buffy/dcreek/vmars/gilmore girls etc xox theres a little girl in vmars s2, ill have 2 look her up c if thats who. just rmmbr her being v funnyEXCUSE ME, MAX GREENFIELD *AND* JULIE GONZALO ARE IN THIS EPISODE? What’s up, VMars alums?  I’m VMars’ worst monster with this I think, but I’m way more into the tight mystery noir thing. Less time for the stuff I didn’t like as much in earlier seasons.Season 4 of VMars is the best season send tweet. I was thinking that too. Imagine all these WFH days and not one person has suggested a VMars rewatch. Salute to Rob murdering his own franchise.Ok, I’m going to do a high school rewatch. Which one? (Buffy/Dawson’s/VMars aren’t on the list because I’ve already seen every episode literally dozens of times.)I totally forgot Tina aka Mac on vmars was on grey’sWhich means today I read half a manga, watched a movie, and am bingeing VMars. Tomorrow I intend to do much the same. Ohhhh VMars!!! That too.