 I have one saved and I have a few the office vmars ones combined🤪🤪 I'm very jealous you are just discovering Vmars. I was her age exactly and that show got me through high school. 😍🙏🙏 Lol I’m just a pusher when it comes to VMars. Everyone needs to see it! But a break inbetween is probably best cause it’s an intense showfirst tmithc then vmars now tht honestly what did i do to deserve thisI guess N/R is gonna be the VMars fandom Maggie Haberman now? How have we not had lengthy conversations about the OC before? I think we’ve mentioned it, but I feel we need to dissect this show on VMars levels one day. It's just weird for me to go back and watch those eps now, I'm like "what is Schmidt doing on VMars"I always forget a lot about VMars S3 between watches, like the Dean's killer or that Paul Rudd was in an episode?? vmars I loved the new season too, and I'm happy that we had one, at least for the fact of bringing new marshmallows, but I'm not sure i'd like to see VMars without Logan. To me it's a noir but good end the serie :) I hate episodic shoes where characters reset or where there is no follow through. The best thing VMars had was the characters, season 4 was great but it had a lot of faults because it tried to change who those characters were and throw the ones we love away. It forgot it’s fans. I felt like the new season was a regression for her character. She developed BACKWARDS, really. She became petulant and bratty again. It was such a let down. Kind of like VMars. She regressed too.OKAY i have begun my 7 day free hbo trial solely so i can watch the movie. i'm in my bed pretending like i haven't had any new vmars content in 7 years and preparing to cry a lil bit!!! VMARS had so many gemmssssi blame the vmars revivalI just got off work and I had been there since 6am so it’s nap time then gonna rewatch some vmarsAt least they’re pulling a VMars and still letting the actor work. Hopefully it will continue past this episode. It’s weird watching Dawson’s creek and having Ken Marino be a stud teacher when I know him as Vinny Van Lowe!  It is because of people like u that will ruin vmars for the rest cant ever be satisfied or happy... Be thankful we FINALLY GET MORE.... He wasn't alone yet he is alone in jail........ And the character it woke up inside vmars you saw the same face she had on in season 1 it gave me chills!!! This is the truth. We fucking PAID to get he Vmars movie kickstarted. I fucking flew to San Diego to be part of the launch and see the panel where they thanked the fans for their support. There wouldn't be a season 4 without the fans...he chose to kick dirt in our eyes. You know what you did wrong. You can undo it. I believe it is part of your plan to bring him back in a future season. Just watch out if you don't. Vmars fans are serious and will hold grudges. I'm sorry i have so many vmars opinions 😂my chest immediately seized up at the first note of “i hear the bells” in vmars.........i’m not strong enough for this............Can't decide which bit of KBell's physical comedy from VMars S3 is my favorite, the pinball thing or the "thrust your pelvis" thing, but either way she was on fire this seasonI'm not doing a TV version but can't help wondering if that would be an even split between VMars, ST: Any Version, and Big Bang Theory, with me looking at The X-Files in last place, like, wait didn't I know any of you back then? I know nothing of vMars but I love anise AND Abruzzoi need more vmars stans following me :( this is boring rn PLEASEEEE 🤙 Thanks for the heads-up. I unfollowed any and everything related to VMars on every social media platform. Vmars but beware of s4 that’s all I’m gonna say :)Finally napanood na ni ang newest season ng VMars so may kausap na ako about it 😫 Shameful killing Logan Echolls on VMars. What a waste of a series. I'll finish season 4 to give his character the respect of seeing it thru, but thn I'm done. Y did I waste my time getting invested if u were jst going to crap on your fans by killing him off so soon? I need something new since I finished VMars.I'm not sure I follow Keith's arc in VMars S3. He fucks up w/ Kendall and Liam so he..... dates a married woman? Like it's only just hitting me that this seems purely set up to support the whole Logan/VM breakup.Listen I appreciate him for bringing VMARS into existence but I still am going to have to passI've also been thinking about it cuz there's a certain Dylan plot point that I kept thinking of after the end of vmars s4 Veronica Mars. Of all the tv I’ve ever watched nothing has stuck w/ me as much as my preteen years w/ Veronica Mars. The one fictional character I’ve felt the strongest connection next to Hermione Granger. When someone asks what character effected me most it’s VMars.🕵️🏻‍♀️to the revival, and now I just wish I could forget those 10 mins. Cause I’m not interested in the travelling VMars show, with no supporting cast, just Veronica solving mysteries and hooking up with randoms (plus Leo, Rob said he don’t got time for a love interest... 5/Just finished and feeling somewhat bereft. - VMars has nothing on your detective skills!VMARS is great but when you really start to pick at it and remember certain scenes it just makes you go?????? Like V loved when Logan was volatile but said she hated it then s4 she was bored with him bc he wasn’t “hulking out”Logan content in VMARS s3 bad That would cheapen the whole thing. I don't know how I feel about bringing Logan back, or continuing VMars... This season was such a mess, I don't want to see the show be ruined further. Leo is so incredibly hot. I might be willing to watch another season even though VMars is basically ruined by the tragic ending of season 4, if you gave me enough Leo! vmars is one of the superior teen shows wbkKRISTEN BELL IS THE SWEETEST HUMAN ON EARTH ANYONE WHO THINKS SHE RUINED VMARS IS WRONG ON SO MANY LEVELSMe vs unfollowing every vmars acc that talks smack abt s4agora vou assistir vmars se preparem pq o surto vem I hope you don't mind if I jump onto your Congratulations of the show and the crew My only point of contention was ... well I won't spoil it for anyone! Watch seasons 1, 2, 3, the movie, and S4!Rewatching VMars season 2 with is my favoriteOk we finally finished the VMars reboot and all I've gotta say is how DARE you!?!? i was annoying during vmars it’s paybackHmmm do i edit vmars or do i recreate another shows intro using vmars clips?Jessica Jones season 2 was crap, but season 3 killed my cat No I'm not done being mad about this, I was disappointed by vmars and izombie (rob thomas is apparently incapable of doing more than 2 good seasons of something), but people still hate on trish when the punisher existsOk quick break from VMars tweets because that one tweet has been bugging me all day what the hell is an "artificial" boner When the movie came out in 2014, without a doubt VMars was able to help lift me out of anxiety. Now, S4 is the one that’s causing it and just knowing that is crushing me.I’ve really watched two seasons of VMars in a week and at this rate, I’ll be finished by next week and I’m already kind of sad thinking about it???Ya know in my YT vid i said i finished Vmars a year ago?! Well i lied bc im silly it was actually over two years ago. Time flies when your finally loving life LoVe is the it couple of vmars and that's itI’m listening to a VMars podcast and everyone’s opinions are valide and all but dang I wish at least one of the hosts liked Logan?? Also they both ship Veronica/Duncan, which, why?? WHY?? We are rewatching VMars from the beginning, playing our (non-BluRay) DVDs through our (original) Xbox, like Neanderthals. No spoilers, please. But, should we also rewatch the VMars movie before watching s4? she (Tessa Thompson) is in a bunch! i agree about the dad. and the Logan will they won’t they is the ross rachel of VMars. 🙄o rancor do rob thomas eh tanto que sonhei com ele e com o final de vmars/izombieIdec if ur replying to me. Do not. I REPEAT. DO NOT tag me in vmars s4/the ending hate. Dont wanna be associated with the idea of season 4 being shit bc it wasnt I like that this starts off w/ folks saying they like the new direction of the show, then ends w/ a dissection of everything that’s wrong about the new direction of the show. What is VMars w/out it’s core characters Neptune? The FBI pitch in ‘07 was rejected for a reason. VMars is on Hulu so don't worry about that.every time rob thomas or kbell say something about vmars it’s like their screwing over the fans again im tiredi beg these vmars people to acc sit down and watch their show cos i dont think THEY know who veronica is at all. i dont understand how u can watch her grieve her childhood bff lilly for so long and then decide to kill her partner as well?these interviews make things even worse like no vmars i’ll never ever forgive you fuck off. logan echolls deserved better Right now I´m not sure I want to watch it. No Logan, no Keith, V by herself in San Diego... the only thing that can make it worse is if effing PIZNARSKI shows up No one loves to reuse actors more than Rob Thomas... just waiting to see to make an appearance in the new vmars seasonsorry sorry this is a rough thing to watch, but i'm pacing out VMars rewatch for my own good. (RAT SAW GOD)I'm watching the first ep of the new vmars and I am..... disturbed 🥴MY FAVORITE THING ABOUT MY ROKU TV IS WHEN I'M IN THE MIDDLE OF A PIVOTAL VMARS SCENE AND I ACCIDENTALLY HIT THE NETFLIX BUTTON ON THE REMOTEseason 3 of vmars really was not it Rob Thomas of VMars ha... nagtweet siya after a long time tapos andaming galit na replies sa kanya :| I know my answer for whats the worst tv show ending you’ve ever seen? VMars - it’s creator literally said he couldn’t write an interesting show about a married couple (especially when one of those characters was played by Jason Dohring who would be interesting watching paint dry!i know it's been a minute but i am still mad about got and vmars, i'm just in a state of avoidance at the moment I'm happy to talk. I watched Vmars from the UPN days, backed the kickstarter, and would love to uphold s4 as a perfect example of what happens when you use cheap tricks and shock value in place of character development to try to score more seasons. Loved S4 of VMars and the iZombie finale. ♥️♥️🔎🧟‍♂️i really was a fool thinking rewatching vmars s1-3 was a good idea before starting s4HAAAA ARMIE HAMMER IN VMARSwow. we stan vmars in training God what does it say about me that I’ve done Good Omens and Vmars already?This is deffo why vmars is my fave show bc ive always related to so much!!YALL ARENT READY FOR VMARS 4x4 I’d bet on Hulu. Just seems more like a Hulu thing brandwise; the Marvel shows that are about moody teens are on (or previous seasons are streaming on) Hulu. Also VMars, similar area Bother me anytime. Not even kidding. You know I love VMars. I don’t want to spoil anything for you though. It’s my rule. Just open a dedicated vmars pitching email account/suggestion box and give it to us , and I'm sure we can pitch great storylines which will include him. It has been a constant conversation in our house since we watched the finale. We have probably re-written 1/3 of VMars S4, and I think we're getting close to a final draft.I have waited so long for Veronica Mars to come back and now I wish they just would have ended it with the movie. Screw u Vmars I hope Hulu doesn’t bring it back for another season because they have totally ruined it. vm are...vm, mcu did clintnat so dirty a couple months ago, vmars really pulled That Shit with its new season....... darvey are the only ones of my faves delivering this year!!! never thought i‘d EVER say that SUITS is being an example of doing it right??? what universe is this?? This won Joey our fantasy football championship 😂😂  gg is too basic sjdjf so vmars ✌🏻 Watched VMars and then finale and I’m pretending the last ten minutes of happened slightly different. unless this is an opening for Leo and or in a post apocalyptic world. but either way so many feelings y rob thomas 15 yearsi started vmars last season and watched less than ten minutes before i stopped it didn't made me want to watch, it isn't the same show and i didn't like what it became even before getting to the shit ending My canonical VMars is just season 1 (and I’ll allow the new movie, it was solid). You can jump straight from S1 to the movie and basically not miss a thing.I know I'm building up to inevitable disappointment but this VMars rewatch leading into S4 has been great. "A Trip to the Dentist" especially is one of those all-timers. I just finished the new season of VMars. I loved it all up until the end, I happy cried then bawled. I will forever watch everything Veronica Mars related because I love it. But I am devastated and it's gonna take me a minute to get over that finale.  I want to knowwwwww. Was it about vmars?! so much of his writing was shitty like wtf lmao they never talked about kendall’s murder, logan’s dad’s murder, etc after like 1 ep💀 plus dick NEVER talks about cassidy after s2 even after all the stuff that happens, logan dies just cause rob cant let vmars be happy like huh?And, like, I'm not actually surprised. VMars is an all-timer. iZombie is a fun show that pretty much never managed to get itself above "fun"Ok Jane the Virgin ending was perfect, but man I want more ... Contrast, the ending of VMars left me with: well that’s done. so happy to meet another shield/vmars fan 😍 well. maybe not vmars. i feel so burned. SO BURNED. it’s been weeks. still not over it!! This explains why people are excited about the bundle. Also, I've been without ads for so long, that I couldn't figure out why VMars (made specifically for Hulu) had what would have been tension/commercial break cutswish tessa didn't leave vmars and that they didn't use the "jackie was never rich and has a kid" plot twist because that was just..... lame Congratulations! Your VMars family is thrilled for you!Means there’s a chance I see VMars this year but don’t bet on itI’ve been up since 4:30 am and have been at work since 6 am...customers really shouldn’t try me today. I just wanna go home and watch some vmars fr i felt like the izombie finale was just a cheap version of the vmars s4 finale but you'd have to watch to get it. it makes sense tho bc he never once let liv and major breathe UNTIL the last episode It was great meeting u that VMars fan event a couple wks back! thanks for talking with me and my mom about teaching working with kids we really appreciated it! Thanks for making the nite special! :)after the gilmore girls and vmars reboots i'm so happy buffy can't get rebooted because there's vampires and the actors who play them look old as sin now. they really saved us with that one. I’m here for your notes. I haven’t watched VMars in MANY years, so I am excited to see what feels new and great. I do love me some Weevil.season 3 of vmars is definitely the worst but veronica’s hair is also definitely better than its ever been so u win some u lose some i guessFunny how Kristen Ritter was in VMars and then went one to play a private investigator in JJones. PAUSE. Table 6 has Bones. So like. Can they just like... banish VMars to the bathroom stall? Oh 100%! It astounds me and saddens me how I pictured this VMars world and the fandom and what a gross let down it gave me... truly 💔🖤Only at episode two, so please, no spoilers, but the new VMARS is top notch. CHARS? i said vmars bitchHow much time needs to pass for "Momentary Thing" (or any other LoVe/VMars song) to come on the playlist without inducing a rage aneurysm? Asking for us all. I won't give any spoilers! WHo is your favourite character? I LOVE VMARS SO MUCH IT'S ONE OF MY FAVOURITE EVER SHOWS This is really important, but also what I’m the most concerned about following Season 4 - it’s the sort of thing that divides/fractures a fandom. It’s hard to come back from that. The Castle fandom is still a divisive mess following how Season 8 went down... I don’t want VMars to Spoiler Free comment on S4 if VMars...I really, REALLY wish we could have had a moment between Dick and V at the end. Could have been powerful, given the context.indo pra finale de vmars alias ainda nao sei como me sinto sobre essa volta depois de 12 anosput it off because I was nervous but finally finished watching the new season of vmars and i can't fucking believed they killed [redacted] what a shitty endingFinally after years of trying I’ve managed to persuade the wife to start watching and 3 episodes in she nearly teenage daughter are both loving it  7 here, but I could see VMars egging on a suicide there. Oh, I don’t think that was the plan with VMars. That was a petty-*ss gotcha at fans who ~watched the show wrong~. YUP. I brought this up in my own letter. I watched The Walking Dead for many years. I'm quite fine with losing characters I love (Hershel *sob*). I stopped watching when the storytelling quality dropped. That show hosts huge farewell parties when cast leave. So WTH VMars? You are definitely one of my fave characters on VMARS! I think I caught a glimpse or 2 of you on Friday night lights?! Just recently decided to rewatch that series.It’s amazing how many episodes of VMARS could be alternatively titled “The One Where Veronica is Racist” 😬 It wasnt a unjust ending like How I Met Your Mother was. Stop complaining, yes you can be sad about the ending and yes you dont have to carry on watching vmars. But dont call for it to be cancelled just because you didnt like what you were given.The movie leant more towards fan service bc the fans funded it! We aint funding it no more. And in the end unfortunatley Vmars coming back for a fourth season has probably gained it more fans than it lost bc of the ending.Shows built on fan service dont tend to hold up as well. And vmars has never been a show to cater 100% or even 75% towards the fans. So what were you expecting?Just because you think the ending ruined the "intergrity" of the show. Dosn't mean other people think differently, like me perhaps. Yes i was sad, i still am, but i didnt get myself really hyped up for vmars' return just to try and knock it down because it didnt do fan service Season 4 was amazing. They did so ell maturing veronica but still keeping vital elements of what made vmars, vmars. Yeah the ending made me upset but i get why they did it and idk wether thats because im studying film and tv or just bc i know a good show dosnt rely on fan service Lol I saw your tweet and my immediate thought was “ohhh she just finished VMars.” But I didn’t want to comment in case it was unrelated The worst part is that iZombie actually got its happy ending and VMars didn’tAm i the only person not mad at the vmars s4 finale? Like yeah im upset but im not angry at the writers and i dont think the show has lost its essence because of the ending. Whattt. Kareem abdul jabbar co-wrote vmars ep 6 :oI just finished VMars season 4 and thought it was a good ending, AMA VMars is 🐐It's so perfectly textbook. Bad guys doing bad things. Good guys doing bad things.  But it wasn’t Logan’s fault! VMars is not good for him! Jessie said, “VMars was the only unhealthy one in that last season! Logan had his act together.”rob thomas never valued logan i'm watching vmars and it's really obviousPoll for people who watched Game of Thrones and Veronica Mars in their entirety - which series had the worst finale? (Obviously I’m referring to S4 of Vmars)new Derry Girls season right as i finished up VMars,,,thank u gods of streamingFuck season 4 of . Y’all made me look at Patton Oswalt’s ugly ass for 8 episodes AND THEN y’all gave us that ending!!! BULLSHIT.i am in physical pain and i’m never recommending s4 to anyone when i tell them to watch vmars. it ended after s3. I think Daddykink is a harder one in VMars because most people look at her relationship with Keith and go "but she has a father she loves?" Even though that's not what's at the core of a Daddykink anyways? It's definitely one of the more taboo ones, at least.I rarely get absolutely livid with VMars when I’m reading fanfic, even though I get mad at her ALL THE TIME in canon but this one!!? OH VERONICA NO. possibly that. Possibly just that because VMars is the resurrection of a cult show it has a lot more baggage about a twist ending than a brand-new Netflix original would. Well that show was available for me to watch legally weekly so I’ve been keeping up with it. I’ll see VMars in two or three years. Ravi was always the real hero of izombie. VMars made me cry real bad tears, iZombie made me cry happy happy tears. Guess that balances outSo, Vmars season 4 stops after 43 minutes, and if there is a season 5, he better be back.So, i’m finally up to speed with Vmars and NO NO NO, not that ending.I’m still fucking pissed about the ending of the VMars reboot. Avoid all spoilers! We're onto oitnb now that we finished VMars. Also, season 3 of Stranger Things is one of the best seasons of television I've watched. I can’t rn I’m watching the season finale of VMars.imagine the power if leighton had returned for the vmars movie Have loved VMars For years and have loved introducing my boys to the original episodes .... but you absolutely ripped my heart out and stomped on it with that last episode, sobbing- tears- messy crying - whyyyyyy????????!! Nooooooo 😭In other news I now have Hulu access which means I'll be caught up on the VMars discourse..... right after I rewatch the show again.s3 of vmars is a Mess but it did give me a veronica/logan title card soit looks like r*b thomas just ended it this way to prove his useless point he was saying w vmars Only a week until school starts and we’re still in season 1. We’ve got to step up our VMars binge game if we’re to ever make it to season 4 before we’re too tired to watch tv.god i love commander meng, he’s such a sweetie! (yes i’m back on the nirvana in fire, yes i know i have two eps left of vmars before they kiss, let me live)I’m not okay. Like this season 4- officially went out with a trigger warning to my other friends her are VMars fans. It’s disappointinghow irresponsible the writing was  This is very much, I think, at the heart of why everyone is mad at the end of the new VMars season—there is sometimes such a disconnect between What The Show Runner Thinks It’s About vs What The Audience Thinks It’s AboutIm still so upset with the end of VMars season 4 that I cant even bring myself to look for fix it ficI haven’t watched the new season of vmars yet because I want to rewatch everything before I get there. I want to come in with my knowledge and feelings. truly!!!! there were some great ones in the 2000s. i’ve seen vmars and the oc so many times lol Watching him in VMars Galaxy Quest and those sort of hammier parts and then seeing him as like a SWAT leader badass in Flashpoint in that role always blows my mind. Or on Person of Interest. He’s so good in everything. "This plot line is so boring I feel like going to bed." Anyway, I'm up for ditching VMars and rewatching Buffy if you are. ;) I’m enjoying VMars so far. I have 3 more episodes to go. I just think it’s weird she, Logan, and Keith are only main characters. Like I wish there was more Wallace, Mac, and Weevil. But for izombie Rob’s killed every one of Liv’s boyfriends so now I feel like Major is gone.Every time rob thomas says something about vmars i lose more braincellsessa temporada de vmars ta extremamente low budget to tristeI just every episode ever of and I LOVED IT. I love your acting, and although im very sad at how it ended, i hope there is more VMARS to come. Thanks for the experience. L’hai finito VMars o no?omg Leo back in the VMars revival? goddamn my whole heart