I miss Logan and Veronica so much so I can’t wait to get off work today and spend the next 2 days watching old vmars or reading fanficsafter tomorrow I have Sunday and Monday off so imma watch some old vmars seconded. made me realize how underused she was on vmarsall I want for christmas is to be able to erase season 4 of vmars from my memory and that my baby logan echolls is still alive. and logan and veronica are living happy and healthyGod Timeless just needs to fucking die. When a show ends it ends. It got a good ending. Leave it be for fucks sake. You saw what happened to VMars? Yeah. That’s what happens when you don’t let shit die a natural death. if they even think of doing to any of them what they did in vmars i will riot like i refuse to accept it hey KBell are we getting another Eason of VMars?? Please say yes. (Please) Icurrently watching Vmars S4 There are many Last 5 Years references but I’m not even a VMars person! (My editor and agent are to thank for the title!)Rob thomas before season 3 of vmars: *telling Chris Lowell he is going to be the most hated character because he is breaking up the most beloved couple* (aka leronica) Rob thomas is season 4 of vmars: *killing logan* ARE U FUCKING KIDDING ME HE IS DOING THIS ON PURPOSE It’s torture I was wondering this too as I watched Good Place and VMars S4 concurrently!Every time I see adverts for I can't help reading it as  2019 has been an awesome year. Some that come to my mind now.. Fleabag 2, Good Omens, GOT 8, Euphoria, Chernobyl, Dark Crystal, The Boys, Unbelievable, When they see us, Years Years, The 100 6, Russian Doll, Evil, Dickinson, Bojack 6A, Watchmen, Vida Perfecta, Undone, VMars..After rewatching VMars, 1) there are *many* now-famous guest stars on that show and 2) VMars herself breaks *so many* laws all the time and 3) it's all still super charming. It may not be what they want, but it's what they need. I’m not interested in supporting her ventures anymore but my son recently became obsessed with ELSA ANNA - what he screams when he wants to watch Frozen - catch me up, pls! Omg what happened? I have 8 eps left. I dropped off out of disinterest then the VMars thing happened and I was just mad. it took me like four tries to *not* read that as VMars Thought I would watch this week on YouTube instead of listening. From the look of a couple of expressions, I feel like if there’s a VMars Virgin in the bunch, it would make a great short f/up - so much shared DNA with Buffy, but with its own unique and wonderful sensibility. no more vmars the ending was so final pls no more don’t ruin itThere’s a lot more “being teens” happening in VMars S2 and I am truly here for it. Not that there wasn’t enough in S1, but love it. Question - is it really an unfair or problematic stereotype if the gangsters are very clearly based on real people?? 50 Cent... Biggie... Snoop... Tupac... Fat Joe... Eminem... Akon... Lil Wayne... some are "harder" than others but that's clearly what VMars was going forMy VMars purse can comfortably hold 6 candles, 3 umbrellas, and/or a dead body. 😮 your vmars episode starts w a bang, eh?! With any luck, maybe that critical thinking will pay off when her kids eventually watch S4. I can't help but hope they will be Team LoVe and they will be so broken-hearted they will demand she undoes the damage. Does that make me a bad/petty person? yes! christmas is always my favorite but especially vmarsive been staring at my computer the whole day yesterday and i got migraine (too much watching VMars i guess). now i wanna invite lyndon to come over and play scrabble with me hehehe"VMars was killed by crazy "bad feminist", fangirls who only cared about about a wedding." We can't let that happen. We're not obligated to drop this or to be "gracious". Keep speaking the truth, Burnts!WAIT PARKER FROM VMARS IS NOW ON SUPERGIRL??? Loving the new Logan for the VMars reboot 👌🏼😂 Honestly hated the ending, hated losing Logan (he’s been one of my most loved characters from the very beginning), hated Veronica as a character... but still loved the show. Will still watch s5 if it comes about. Vmars has always been messy. That’s its charm.