 So I’ve finally started my Vmars rewatch and I’m listening to you two after each episode! Y’all are so funny!a few months ago twitter closed my old account and i can't get my mutuals back :( if you stan: the good place friends zoey's extraordinary playlist new girl the office parks and rec vmars b99 odaat fleabag himym AND MORE pls follow me i'll fback!😔Catch me watching tgp / vmars finale tonight bc i want ro cry for no reasonvmars has used ts for their straight bullshit literally twice now!! come on!! Wait with VMars Season 3 or Season 4? I liked 3 okay, even if the end was depressing.season three of vmars is so hard to watch esp the ep when they find out its mercer 🥴Max Greenfield on vmars ahh 3i love vmars but why did they have to invent piz i hate him so muchI JUST REALISED WHY BEAVER WAS CALLED BEAVER😳😅 oh man VMarsi have the urge to have a VMars marathon! but my DVD player isnt working (i have all 3 seasons and the movie on DVD) I got Faison, then a monkey, then I think Weevil from VMars, then Alcazar, and finally I think Katherine Bell, which seems like a great place to stop. This is great!I finally watched the newish Veronica Mars season 4 and I gotta say as a Vmars season it’s pretty middling but as a neo-noir/true detective cousin?? 8/10 Its vmars set tour apparentlyall i do is work, watch vmars with my gay partner who is stuck on the other side of the border, drink wine from my wine closet, and sleepin a better world vmars would have been about veronica and weevil bullying rich kids together 100% of the time wow....a first time vmars viewing experience....take me back 😢a trans character on vmars?? in 2004?? was not expecting that at all omg wow yesss watch it !! it used to be my fav show before i watched buffy and vmarsstarted watching vmars, will I end up regretting this once I finish it? maybe DC and Buffy are the locks for me, Friday Night Lights is the third if it's only 3, but underrated is...The OC!! California!!! lol. (I need to watch VMars...it's a hole in my viewing, I know). MSCL is great, but I didn't watch it in the moment, I only watched it AFTER R+J. Adding to the peer pressure here. Watch VMars and ignore the 4th season. Also read the books maybe (take place between movie and S4), but pretend some of the book canon didn't happen, because it's stupid af. She's a bloody narcissist. Everything she does is to keep up this "Disney princess" perfect view people have of her. If you love vmars, you'll love Buffy too. My ❤️❤️❤️ i've just watched VMars for the first time and Buffy is on my list but like why didn't i watch any of these in the mid-2000s??? where the hell was i??? It goes without saying that in my vault, VMars concludes after the nuptials, I will force myself to believe that it ended this way. I’m gonna have to say the oc vmars and gossip girl Buffy, VMars... Freaks and Geeks. Okay, I cheated. But there are no other correct answers. Sorry, not sorry. mood but oth and vmars are right there so it’s a 3 way tie Definitely Buffy and FNL! VMars or (guilty pleasure) Gossip Girl for third... I remember basically nothing from OC as well hah! T and I recently watched VMars again plus the movie and the reboot season ...wish we had just stuck to the original. VMars, Buffy, MSCL never seen it lol regardless i'm not sure it could top buffy, vmars and skins which i've watched like 80 times apiece Buffy, VMars, My So-Called Life. No question 😍But my picks are OTH ,VMars and my so called life Tough, but FNL, VMars and Buffy.I think I might rewatch the office, vmars or grey’s Who runs the world? Buffy VMars Angela Chase. Objectively, Friday Night Lights was probably the best one but I didn’t connect to the characters like I did on OTH and VMars. I’d probably go OTH too but I came to really dislike Lucas and I never took to Peyton. So it’s hard for me to choose. Excuse me Vmars  So true! Tough call for me bc based solely on what I watched in its entirety, it would be VMars Buffy, with Dawson's OTH tied for on-and-off watching. But if I go by retrospective quality cultural impact, I think FNL or Skins should take 3rd.Buffy, VMars and One Tree Hill were all staples for me growing up. The O.C. is a very close runner up - it was actually what inspired me to move to California! vmars, buffy and i hate to say it and everyone’s going to judge me — gossip girl (only because leighton meester carried that show) however, i’ve never watched fnl before should i give it a try??? VMARS, OC, FNL. Sorry My So Called Life VMars (seasons 1-3 only) Buffy OTH To be honest though I only have strong feelings for the first two.But VMars acted like a feminist text, and dealt with rape trauma in an important, nuanced way in season 1 that made it seem like it UNDERSTOOD before the abomination that was season 3, while Creek grew to recognize boundaries, which makes it OVERALL less awful for me to watch.Like, specifically looking at the transition from high school to college, I feel like Creek grew (while sending its protags to multiple colleges and NO colleges, but still having found-family vibes) while VMars had the entire rape story blaming feminists and absolving frat boys.And this is where I bring up my controversial opinion that DC holds up better to a full-series rewatch than Buffy or VMars, because BtVS and VMars both (A) have weaknesses that became more apparent as we have grown and (2) got MUCH worse in later seasons, while Creek improved.And this keeps going- you don't have basically anything after 1998 in the form it is without Buffy (shows like VMars acknowledge it explicitly but it's baked into the DNA of virtually every show, because WRITERS ARE NERDS and Buffy, despite its many flaws, was a master class).One of them also reccomend to watch vmars 😏😏😏 And VMars 💙💙 I'll just keep two, VMars and The OC. A millennial in need can have my third pick Excuse me but ur wrong; VMars, OTH, and FNL.as much as i love pjo.... the rest of dc is just not up to the standard of these three and vmars is ruined for life I’ve only ever seen Buffy and VMars! I feel old!! Solid choices and bonus points for VMars. hahahaha. Yes! My 3: OTH, OC, VMars. Well, I never watched Dawson's Creek, so I get all of Buffy, VMars Friday Night Lights.  Buffy, VMars, My So-Called Life and it's not even hard I love that I nagged you for years to watch vmars and now it’s like top tier for you she has SO MUCH NERVE I can't stand her Buffy, VMars and Friday Night Lights of course! Love Buffy and Vmars, although I'm still a  Friday Night Lights, VMars and Buffy. All other answers are incorrect I had not seen that VMars account before and that tweet got me temporarily very excited for the possibility that a season 5 had been announced. I am now very sad. I should've paid closer attention to the gif. VMars, OC, One Tree Hill. DIDN'T EVEN HESITATE. haha Which poll? I’ll add my votes too Than u have a great taste bc she is probably my fav after vmars lmao what a very specific vmars gif VMARS S1 for the win! I still listen to Paris’ “Screwed.” I hate everything else about her (okay, her VMars appearance was fine), but I love that song. Oh damn. VMars didn’t make it on my list. HOW?idk if this is an unpopular option but vmars isn’t as good when you watch it for a second time and know all the mysteriesi just realized that i still need to finish watching vmars... as of last season he was