 I almost hugged a stranger when she saw my VMars Movie kickstarter t-shirt started raving about the show. First only time that anyone knew the reference.This time I tuned into the VMars movie halfway through and saw Weevil and lost my shit, I love that lil bald dude so much oh godGuess I have to rewatch VMars in the near futureI can't wait for new Veronica Mars episodes! I wonder when will add the previous 3 seasons and the movie?  i still remember going into vmars hating duncan before i even started just because you said he was terrible and you were right!Is like watching Riley from btvs and Piz from Vmars date. Wonder bread mayonnaise unsalted rosmery leaf flavoured motherfuckers. Recently gave a 30 min monologue in a Thai restaurant about season 2 of Buffy. A very smart friend listened as a way to bring down my anxiety. Could also do: VMars Libraries Neil Gaiman Alice Hoffman Game of Thrones Angel Baking Crafts 90s Rap The rest of Buffy Hmp 👀 Roswell, New Mexico just released it's first season to Netflix. I found a lot of VMars vibes from it and it's AMAZING! Yeah the summary for sure sounds too close to VMars. Hopefully, there’s enough differences in the writing and execution to make it stand apart. It sounds like they want to go for a darker, maybe edgy version of ND, but I’m honestly over showrunners doing that. Tbf, Nancy Drew has been around longer than VMars. And you’re right, it could end up looking like a bad rip off. There’s no way they can modernize Nancy drew as a teen drama without avoiding the comparisons though. I just want it to be entertaining. You wouldn’t believe how much time I’ve wasted wondering about this. But... VMars reboot coming to Hulu this summer so yay!omg vmars reboot and far from home in july *\^o^/* You know what’s funny? Josh Schwartz is actually a VMars fan and gave them a shoutout on the OC. I remember in an interview he did with Rob where he admitted he envied rob cause the critics craped on his show while VMars was a critical darling. I mean if they want to set the series in her young twenties I’m all for it. If this is supposed to be her teenage version, then this is not really selling it so far. Also, we already have a great teenage detective series - VMars. And it is going to be chard to avoid comparisons. will be available anywhere else other than your platform? Canada doesn’t have access to Hulu and I LOVE VMars. FWIW I own the movie both on iTunes and a physical copy. I own all three seasons. Help a fellow marshmallow out.  I love VMars. Hanging out for the new season. Yus! Season 4! Just started listening to the VMars introduction episode  OH MY GOD! I just noticed..she has her vmars classic black studded bag!! ❤️❤️ I wanted one so bad but too much Her bag adds to her bad assness!! 😂😁 I DIDN'T KNOW THERE WERE OTHER VMARS FANS IN ROMANCECLASS HELLO I would definitely watch if we had hulu! I watched this show every week! Vmars is how I fell in love with she is amazing. Yu are a lucky man I own all the seasons and the movies and bingo watch them when I can! Also, my sons name is Duncan (from VMars!) do you know when the other seasons of Vmars are gonna be available in Hulu? I am SO SO excited. VMars was a huge part of my feminist upbringing and also just a great show that I always recommend to friends. Also LoVe makes me uniquely emotional as far as onscreen love stories go. THANK YOU!! Can you tell us how Canadians can watch? I love VMars!! YOUR CANADIAN MARSHMALLOWS INCLUDING ME ARE SO HYPED TO SEE VMARS BACK!! THIS REVIVAL IS GOING TO BE SO GOOD It was one of the first shows I worked on! Stacked room of writers (Marti Noxon, Andrea Newman, PK Simonds, Ben Edlund, Zack Estrin, Diego Gutierrez, Rob Doherty, Jenny Lynn, Corey Evett was the PA). Shot in San Diego the same time as VMars, which delighted me to no end.Weevil! Yes first VMars recurring guest appearance of Season 5 TENGINER. May VMARS TRAILER NAAAAAA. Ang dami daming nami-miss. oh very fair - i totally agree. i like where it looks like they’re taking it with season 4 though. hopefully more og vmars.should i watch vmars now or wait for it to be on huluwhen veronica mars comes back this will be a 100% vmars fan acc A VMars trailer and B99. What a week. My life will be complete once again with Vmars back on TV! Are all 8 eps. Dropping the same day???While I appreciate the teaser, it makes me want to do my rewatch NOW and I’m really trying to hold off until we are as close the the new series as possible. i knowwww i still can't believe this is happening!!! the world is on fire but at least we have vmarsthe new vmars is probably gonna find a way to ruin me completely, i know it's coming. also lol I once called Logan a dickhead in a piece I wrote and a VMars fandom site CAME AFTER ME almost worse than G*merg*te folks did when I wrote about it Honestly I don’t like S3 of VMars...the movie is GREAT so are S12. Plus you’ll be over it and be like where’s the rest?!!! ☹️☹️I watched the vmars trailer and I saw no WallaceWhen I get up to walk around or eat or whatever, I can just leave my etsy favorites page or the VMars trailer on youtube open without having to hide it with Important Work Stuff in case someone comes by. Idk if this is the BEST thing about working from home? but it's up therePhrases to mute if you don't care about and want to not be annoyed by me for the next few months: •Veronica Mars •VMars •LoVe •Marshmellow •Marshmellows •Taser (just to be safe)Most likely just gonna be tweeting about VMars all day. Just fyi.I have TEN days left in the office and so much to do so I better only watch the Vmars Hulu trailer 83 more times today. and I have been comparing it to vmars s1's finale if that is any indication. I do have Hulu, but it would be totally worth signing up just for VMars! I always think, "Kristen Bell really doesn't age," but then I see old clips of VMars and it's like, "SHE WAS A LITERAL BABY!"OK meeting, then VMars trailer. For some reason I just pictured you getting attacked by one and I’m geeking 😂😂😂😂 Watch all the VMars!!!! wait but Hulu, Hulu, are the past seasons of VMars going to be on Hulu also?excited for the vmars revival but also mad at myself for being excited for it let👏things👏end👏 We need to hang as soon as I’m feeling better!! I need either a GoT, VMars, Good Place, or Star Wars marathon with my frands!!!kbell just quoted the set-up to one of my fav vmars lines i’m so SMITTEN