 *cough* tvd and vmars are guilty af of this too *cough cough*Party Down and are two of my favorite shows. These new VMars episodes on are great! More badass Rob Thomas stuff, please!got a snap memory of me watching vmars a year ago rip Exactly this. I remember in 2018 she was referring to Veronica as a "hero without a cape." And that the show would be a contrast to other shows that were on at the time, and to what was happening in the world. We were so thirsty for some VMars-style justice! vmars is home and greys is college I’m in college now but I visit home now and then I didn’t ditch herbuffy and vmars affected me similarly to twilight i literally project so much onto these characters i love them smi'll never forget watching vmars and being like wow! another superior logan and then looking up and seeing them both in the same episode C'est vrai qu'actuellement c'est chaud dans les hôpitaux quasi vides le nombre de décès est très bas et l entrées réa de bas, les mesures c'était nécessaire en février vmars i'm gonna second this, i have never heard of season four in my life, vmars went three seasons and a movie 😑😑😑 wait i fucked up so bad a year ago by not hearing the vmars one Will you do the intro video, a la your VMars video?? Get some Sandy Cohen eyebrows going...Today's been weird. At least there's Veronica Mars reruns...  Oh nooooooo. I kept meaning to get a Hulu acct for that and VMars and also kinda for Love Island because I'm trash.i just read number 3 scully/mulderOTP jadzia dax ginny tonks jigglypuff meowth james vmars mac hannigram We can only hope. But bein a VMars fan, you know that it takes a few years 🖤Year old spoiler alert (whatever, I just binged the whole of so don’t me) + theory: VMars had running themes from start to finish + so many loose ends. In my world, Logan’s demise is staged, making him the realization of his false theory of Lynn’s death. Why? for slowburn watch gilmore girls for javajunkie for e2l watch btvs for spuffy or vmars for leronica 😌 S3 of vmars was good not least because of Fatboy slim I really like the VMars one hahaha omg seriously i was literally like.... borgiacest? game of thrones? vmars? books? could be anything at this point who’s even to saysince rob thomas no longer exists can season 4 of vmars get wiped from my brain please? A year or two earlier? Or would you be satisfied with 15 minutes earlier for VMars? when u start vmars for leronicagoing through getty images of old vmars promo just to feel something