 Please the Vmars sweet?? VMarsWorking at homewatching S3 of cuz u don't get a better 3rd season.I don't even have 2watch the first 2 seasons. It's S3, S4S6. I'm a happy shipper. What do u know, a showrunner who knew how to do a slowburnnot KILL the ending, unlike Vmars did. truly the riley finn of vmars. just the world's most forgettable character.the only vmars characters i can even name are logan, veronica, keith and lilly and that’s it lol I suggest asking VMARSi know more was said about vmars and i need to read and dig but i’m so exhausted i’m just not ready to be hurt more atm Ugh I’m so sorry! I have heard that about VMars, it’s SO upsetting, like why? Why hurt your fans like that? I get character deaths, it obviously happens. But not in such absurd and meaningless ways! Girl I don’t know but I’m so sorry the 100 pulled a VMars on y’all. It’s made me so sad seeing all the tweets. Buffy and VMars, yes! That's what I like to see. :) Yeah but nobody should have to see their child burn to death in front of their face with nothing they can do. You would understand if you watched  Honestly same I haven’t been able to get myself to watch vmars after that season 4As a casual viewer of The 100 who mostly would catch a live episode every now and then (catching up on the CW app), I'm glad I trusted my gut to wait to watch the final season. I have been jilted by a man in charge of a show before (*cough* VMars *cough*) and I knew Jason was...why does it feel like everyone a part of vmars hated logan? oh wait, because most fans cared about him more than veronica in the end because how much he changed and became a better person I don't even know if I'll ever be able to re-watch Vmars bc of her too Omg when TF did she say this I can't stand her I wrote her off after I finished Vmars season 4 I couldn't even watch the last season of The Good Place the sight of her face 🙄🙄😡😠😡😠 This situation reminds me kinda of what Rob Thomas did w/ VMars Logan. I feel like so many showrunners think you need a show to be dark gritty to be taken seriously when in reality that’s not the case. You can have ships that don’t have tragic endings still be interesting! idk what vmars is isnt that the matt damon movie it’s the one i told u has vmars vibes jcjdj but like it’s lighterdoes it take anyone else a lot of courage to start a new show bc i simply can’t bring myself to do it...anyways rewatching tgp,,, night rewatch vmars afterwardsI binge-watch all 4 seasons of Veronica Mars + movie about 2-3 times a year. I will never ever get sick of that show. Baby reminds me of when I was baby Hannah (in my 20s living in Scotland)... it's all a nostalgia bomb!  I'm adoring seeing your vmars tweets and every one that's about Logan is a Big MoodThere's this well known thing in tv where strong women must have violent things happen to them. They can't exist without the tragedy. (See: Buffy, VMars etc) Men on the other hand can only be tragic heros if all the women around them die. It's almost like we like hurting women. That is interesting cause I am still traumatized by Logan's death on Vmars. That as pretty bad. So di Maria in yazo kd baza mu kaishi vmars ba kenan 🤣sometimes if i am driving at night i worry someone will pop up in my backseat which is a result of both vmars the pilot episode of spn :/ All time: Buffy, angel, Smallville, VMars, Psych the ending of vmars (revival) hurt v bad as well Right. It took me until Smallville to notice the difference and then VMars. I was okay this is Aaron and Shawn got little differences you can see. Smallville, VMars, it is all Aaron. X-Men films it is all Shawn. My Brother’s Keeper they both basically played Eric, each other double. Lolthere’s this scene in vmars season 3 where v is having a shit time and asks weevil to hit her over the head with his boot and honestly that’s how i feel rn