if major dies and i dont get my liv/major endgame and they do something to logan/veronica during the vmars revival,,,,,,, we are gonna have some words rob thomas i missed it since it was also my husbands birthday but i hope you had an amazing birthday! i cannot wait to see you in vmars in july!!!!!I think Brainless in Seattle has the most VMars guest stars in a single episode. Cool. Me and Vmars went skiing and I began to sob because someone shot a firework at him It’s related to a celebrity fandom thing. Lol. Not Vmars relatedyoooo tina majorino isn't a confirmed cast of the VMars reboot???? I'm still lowkey hoping for a mac and wallace romance if you could do it at the same time that’d be iconic but fUCK START VMARS NOW THEN WATCH THE VMARS MOVIE I STILL STAN TO THIS DAYEn el capítulo de esta semana de 9-1-1 sale Abel Koontz de VMars y Larry de Buffy xD I will continue to mention it at every available moment for the foreseeable future, until I can watch VMars. WHEN DID U START VMARS VMars, House See all this makes it sound like a provocation when really it sounds like they (I would say wrongly) came to a conclusion they had to do something and wrote (I would say rightly) the hell out of it with a couple quibbles. I would say it's roughly the same as the VMars S2 finale Ah sure we do. And maybe more 😍 btw was watching VMars last night too.I forgot to freak out about this last week when we heard about it at Celebration but my sister is watching the movie so NEW VMARS THIS SUMMER AAAHHHHHHH thank you Yea for real I can’t listen to their old stuff anymore after the VMars movie lol I was watching random iZombie this morning, and it was the one with Terrence Fowler in it. And i thought “where do i know that face?” It’s Richard Casablancas! Senior! His credits for the new vmars are already on IMDbRewatching vmars after i finish fringe. Will be just in time for the reboot yeyrewatching vmars by myself and the good place with my bf and i have a v important question: WHAT IS KRISTEN BELL’S SKINCARE ROUTINE?interestingly, the VMars kickstarter still has more total backers? Critters throwin' more money at it per person My roommate sat me down with the first season of Vmars when I had a trip from Milan to Rome and time to kill. I got so addicted. Appreciate the VMars gif so I guess we’re cool.just finished binging Vmars to get ready for 7/26...now time to binge Ryan Hanses solves crimes on television...I'm so excited! is stupid funny...