I get off in 20 minutes so we about to watch the vmars movie for the 50th timeBtw it was an izombie rewatch I just saw vmars after I finished izombie Logan is unequivocally the VMars bf and anyone who says different is wrong.I wonder if I'll ever be brave enough to watch vmars s4Would you hate me as much as I would if I got jtt’s hair from vmars?i miss the s1 vmars theme song I watched VMars as it aired and suffered the cancellation in real time. Smh. And season 4 knife in my heart. The belt scene in VMars is what got me. I think the episode is The Rise of Kane. Heartbreaking.everyone at work including me is feeling the Friday the 13th mood and harvest moon vibe. I wanna go home and watch vmarsMy hapless roommates are watching the end of S4 of VMars in the other room. They're making fun of Logan's happy smile. I used to watch some sort of VMars daily. After Season 4, I stopped. I just can’t.cultural impact: █ █ █ █ ＿ my pinky finger vmars s4Now, lovers, let's ask the Tinfoils of VMars: 1) If this bothered Hulu, why would Lizzie have a job? 2) If this bothered Robbie or KB, why would they praise that show? 3) If a certain star's supposed attempts at conversion were problems, why not off him on a bridge end of S1?in case you forgot - this is still a vmars hate acc Yeah I do understand that,if you can write a triangle well. is doing an incredible job of it but then you get shows like Vmars The100 🙄 so ultimately I think it just comes down to whether the writing is good or not. loved Charmed S1 so trying to stay open minded I'm not butt hurt. I understand how much it is don't need one to understand monetary value or the value of someone's services. I'm done tho this is stupid. Like I said have a nice day buddy Dont have my license could easily have a wheel rn if I wanted lol that has absolutely nothing to do with the argument guess you just felt like dickeating. But stilllike I said it's fucking with people hustle I just don't fw it. We all have our own opinions tho. Have nice day Don't sound dumb. He's not the only person in the county that does it lol. Your exposing a whole hustle people's way of living when she could have just kept it to herself. Drawlin if you ask me.my dog was watching vmars with me and fell asleep and hit her head on my laptop. she’s still sleeping thorewatching the vmars movie again🥺 Thanks! It was very nerve-wracking at first but once more therapists joined the audience apparently most of my feedback was "she looks very comfortable up there/she knows A LOT about that TV show/I want to watch that show now (VMars)" So that has been really coolhi, uh sorry for not being online like at all recently. the vmars haters were getting at me I actually fell for this jawnhow can one not get hyped by the original vmars opening?We have a new strategy where I nap from 10:30-midnight, wake up to watch an episode of jersey shore/vmars with Lindsay when she gets home from work and now I go back to sleepoff until Friday now which means imma watch some vmars Yes, exactly, very well put. It’s not Veronica Mars without her gang, her family. If he wanted a solo Kristen Bell show he should’ve just written the damn thing apart from VMars. All the humor and banter and love between all the characters was what made this show so greatI’ve been thinking about queerness what if I got that one vmars wig? Guess which. tea and vmars was ahead of its time! it shouldve lasted longer and would have if it wouldve started a few years laterI finished watching season 4 of VMars a few days ago (after binge re-watching the entire series of course). I...well...a lot of writing choices confused me this season. It felt me feeling some sort of way. I don't know whether or not I want a hug, or if I want to punch a baby. YOU WATCH VMARS? BTS, VMARS, STILES, AND MALEX. 😍😍😍 Okay, totally calling it ... hello new best friend 🙋🏻‍♀️😊🥺💜Tbh SB is really scratching that noir detective itch that vmars left in her wakeToday’s vibe: watching LoVe edits while VMars plays in the backgroundstill havent touched the vmars revival and i also havent been able to watch a single show since finding out logan died so basically rob thomas has singlehandedly ruined my tv stan life YUP. dming me while watching the vmars movie is the best thing everSHES BLOWING UP MY PHONE ABOUT VMARS WHILE IM AT WORK. IM BEING ATTACKEDDreamt I introduced Patton Oswalt’s character from VMars to Billy from Stranger Things because they both wanted to kill (Chris Reeve!)Superman and I was determined to redirect their energies towards good.None of VMars season 4 makes sense to me and it sucks :(If old people get NCIS, why don’t I get 10 seasons of Veronica Mars????  leighton meester on vmars is still the biggest of trips for me lmaofinished vmars. finished bunheads. now i'm going to rewatch the GG revival because i haaaate myselfBUT at the same time this was maximum pain and full-on noir, so like, good job, VMars writers lolOooof I know what's about to happen at the end of Vmars I’ve loved her since her days writing VMars fic way back in the day. She’s so incredibly talented. Literally all of her Arrow fics are amazing. I’ve never watched vmars but the oc is so good!!! do you happen to know if a VMars fic prompt page exists somewhere?i miss logan echolls but i'm never going to rewatch vmars Nice VMars reference.What I should watch after VMARS: - She-Ra s3 - The Good Place s3 - Jane the Virgin s5 - six other things I’ve forgotten What I want to watch always - THE HAUNTING OF HILL HOUSE you should do a video on veronica MArs, i lvoed that show as a teenager (Fyi i am like a yr younger than you). But also they just released S4 and a lot of OG fans are very salty due to wait the creator did. Just saying. But i think a Vmars video would be awesome 👎🏼👎🏼 you both know you wish you had a cittttyy girl 🤪🤪😂I can’t believe Weevil just dropped a Mary Poppins reference in VMARS s4 vmarsAfter the shitty past few days I’ve had, I can’t wait to go home and watch some vmars and not have to worry about work I will not be able to watch until next week and VMars S4 rules are in place: Spoil me for everything bad. jess, quinn and logan from vmars Aww I always loved them together. Like was it true love? No. But I always loved how much he cared for her but also understood she was VMars and was gonna do her own thing. I also just find him hot lolMy vmars shirt and LoVe candle were delivered. Bless up i think i should... itll probably ruin vmars for me. i heard mac isnt even in it?soon enough it'll be two months since vmars s4 was released and i'm still mad at kristenby again i mean on another show after vmarsHI HELLO I'M STILL FUCKING PISSED OFF AND I HAVE NOT COOLED DOWN AT ALL AFTER THAT VMARS SEASON 4 FINALE I DO NOT ACCEPT IT AS CANON AND I WANT TO FIGHT SOMEBODYmy mom just watched the vmars s2 finale for the first time and she was like "[L and V] have been through so much together no wonder they're back together by the movie they know literally everything about each other good and bad and it bonds them" ooof mama i know i love them!!! well kind of what i deserve after convincing you of starting vmars..... I wouldn’t bother - tons of recycled dialogue from VMars. Also, Rob has Jason as a great character and gives him a crappy unrealistic death in this show tooHonestly surprised I was able to get this far without seeing VMars spoilers... But finally finished the new season.eu não acredito que meu irmão teve a pachorra de terminar vmars antes de mimWhen you're on 2x22 and it's 8 pm you're glad you can pause. But man I don't want to. 