 yeah I guess that's more of a vmars sorta plotNo Scrubs agora é a música do revival de VMars. 🎵🎵ohhhhkay now Christopher Plover from Magicians (Charles Shaughnessy) has appeared and was immediately recognizable from his very specific line delivery and this might be the moment I fully accept that VMars is more "that guy" bait than Buffy at this point in time It’s the harsh truth. If you act like your fans are beneath you, you will pay for it one way or another. Rob is not a good person, I don't think. Clearly, he doesn't view his audience and his fans as real people. I guess I thought Kristen would treat her costar, and a big reason for VM's success, with more kindness. That's sad. Did you know in advance that Cassidy killed the people on the bus? And were you told that you were gonna be killed off VMars? Jason is a big part of why the VM movie got made. Don’t forget  Yes the interviews are sad and disappointing she isn’t an empath. I’m getting mad just remembering her it’s not what you want but need crap. Jason deserved better and you just discarded him like he was nothing. Don’t forget her patronizing “it’s not what you want but what you need..” I knew there was a better way to ask this fuck. What role that you've played, challenged you the most to grow as an actor? Because you've had so many, and all of them are quite different. :) is that better? And who was your favorite to portray? Been a fan since VMars. ❤ She laughed in his face?? Huge moodI’d like to know why needed to kill all this kids on the bus not me watching the cut scene from vmars finale and crying my eyes out. not me at all. yeah just finished, sweet and simple! They did some smart and presumably cheap hiring getting her just before VMars :D Why no Veronica Mars? In my experience there's an almost perfect overlap between VMars fans (marshmallows) and Buffy fans.Time for moar vmars. I still can't get over Logan saying "I'm trying to be supportive" and Veronica was like YOU HAVE REPLACED YOURSELF WITH A POD PERSONI really wanted to put Jessica Jones, VMars, and Downton but I think Phryne encompasses what I love about all of those I am so excited following your viewing reactions! Everyone should watch VMars.I’m trying to rewatch VMars for the first time since S4 and I thought I’d gotten to a point where I could enjoy it again but..... I just can’t. Just watched LoVe’s first kiss and I wanted to cry. I’m so scared the entire series has been ruined for me??? VMars. No doubt. YOUR THE OFFICE AND VMARS STICKERS🥺🥺🥺VMars using some kind of weirdo remix of "Breathe Me" a year after the song was used in, like, the best season finale montage ever is... bold.Ah, today on VMars... the cast of Arrested Development! (fine, two members of the cast)Tv show questions: - Veronica Mars - TBBT - Killing Eve - S Club series - B99 - The Office - Parks n Rec - 2 Broke Girls - Himym - Vmars - 13 Reasons Why - The Crazy Ones - B99 - Friends emoji for q'sTv show questions!! -lucifer, psych -tbbt I guess -stranger things -friends -psych prob -vmars lmao -ncis -grey’s anatomy -new girl -miss fisher’s murder mysteries -n/a -mindhunter :( -lucifer -…lucifer emoji for q's vmars knows allCurrently in VMars: Someone singing Elvis Costello's "Veronica" at karaoke. Trying to cope with this, but it's a lot.Listening to the vmars soundtrack makes me miss logan and veronica so much ;(I can’t wait to get off work, finish the book I’m reading, rewatch my favorite vmars episodes, watch some LoVe edits and eat some chinese food. my perfect Saturday night vmars I watched that entire show thinking you were exactly like her and years later I see I continue to be correct