 I gotchu bruv save that for my christmas gift Never ever grow your hair out again, that shits creepin me out Your a nerd He king of basket ball Nah bro you know how hard it was to paint that jawn and ppl kept fuckin with it so he had to cover it you’re a hater Tru dat Yeah I’ll meet u there at 2 4 season 1-3 rewatched now to sit and watch the .  🤯 See that’s what everyone’s wondering but no one cared to think if someone loves Keke Aye Frankensteinpiz just called veronica's body a "wonderland" LISTEN......WHO QUOTES JOHN MAYER? BOYS U STAY THE FRAK AWAY FROM me vs trying not to throw up piz x veronica scenes  See also: actual VMars canonit just hit me that vmars references bsg so damn much and this was probably deliberate lmao same. we are a fam of fuck ups don’t take it personal omw hop out ur bagveronica mars is a battlestar galactica fan, pass it on  4m is the cost of an average Timeless ep. It would require more than 8m because movies cost more to do. VMars film budget was 5.7m and they had years to amass a huge fanbase with Kristen Bell at the front of the project. I'm not sure it's a realistic goal as of now. One day maybes3 isn't as bad as i remember it being but i still hate the whole way 2 long rape arc so goddamn much if yall could hear the loud ass SIGH i make whenever piz appears. he's like a damn cockroach. why is he always lurking  I’m so excited! We had watched the first two (I think?) seasons back in the day when we lived together but I haven’t seen any of the new stuff. It’s going to be tough to stay spoiler free. We’ll def have to introduce shots for vmars actors. how have we never talked vmarswhen i finish vmars rewatch dawson's is happening bc what is my tv schedule rn except teen tv (greys falls into this category since it's literally doctors acting like teens lmao)i'm making an executive decision 2 skip piz scenes Nope not even then VMars was 5.7m.And movies are more expensive than episodes. If we had a fanbase as big as VMars then yes that might be an option. I just don't see it as a realistic goal right now. After liking instagram and feeling sad because of his leg, I actually broke my pinky toe and went to emergency room. Not long after that, actor Adam Rose from VMars liked my instagram pic (IG ) of my broken toe for some reason 😅I hope no domino's effect there thanks brotha ! He gave up on titles. Sixers better right now then the lakers even without bron😂😂guys a dorkveronica keeps saying 'frak' and it's DELIGHTFUL i still want piz dead, just looking his ugly haircut offends me  I really really loved the round. I am not sure I will join the sense 8 round so maybe I should relisten to the round.