Today I discovered that I keep a postcard on my fridge from from years ago because the P.S. reads "The VMars movie opens tomorrow!"Unexpectedly Weevil from VMars shows up to, well, also beat up Ryan.This legit sounds like it came off the VMars soundtrack  back in my day vmars not getting an ending was unusual!!! now it's like every show!!! Ehh, when you watch it you get it. It's set up as a joke- that SHE is there to campaign for more Veronica, but has been "lured" there to campaign for Ryan's show. It's not horrible. But it *does* sort of toy with the old vmars emotions! Ohh, don't get your hopes up. It's not a campaign to reboot vmars, it's one for Ryan Hansen's new show. It's cute! And sweet that they did it for their friend! But... not what I hoped when I originally heard about it. It's not for VMars anyway it's a joke and really for Ryan's YouTube show. But it is cute. Mostly, I’m going to donate/pass on almost everything except my favorite novels (keeping 6 of those), my HP set (all first editions), the Hobbit, LOTR (from the BF), Lizzie Bennet, the VMars books, and a few others that I haven’t read yet (like maybe 10 or so)They saved Vmars one season with skywriting. Can we do something similar if we crowdfund? Creative campaigns to send to Hulu, Netflix, CW, and Fox?  It's like a grownup VMars with Donal Logue but still essentially a SoCal film noire about income inequality So much of it is fantastic. The way the four friends interacted resonated with me so much more than teenage female friendship of seen on TV before (except VMars and Mac)First VMars and now Brooklyn??? CAN YOU NOT?Dear , you can make up for your egregious error of cancelling 11 years ago by taking this opportunity to for a 5th (and 6th 7th) season. The entire VMars fan base will forgive you. I promise. Maybe. Sincerely yours, a die hard fan. Same, Happy Endings is more recent, but it hurt less than Vmars HIMYM and VMars and so many other shows have taught me to just accept cancellation. I didn't watch b99 though. Argh!!!! I want more VMars. The Good Place helps but isn’t the same.  In VMars' case, I think the blame went, fairly rightly, to the networks. Please don’t do Rob (and the writers and cast) dirty and cancel iZombie before we see his storytelling vision be completed. I don’t know if I can handle another VMars level letdown.  Izombie VMars crossover? Just a thought 🤔 I just watched VMars movie again yesterday. I'm still in aww over what we accomplished. I seriously want a VMars series 30 years from now showing her in a retirement community kicking ass and taking names. A) YES ALSO GREAT b) you should know what a big deal that is. doesn’t even loan ME vmars VMars!!!!!! Because early CW had a hard on for branding as teen drama channel and they thought VMars was way too dark and too complicated for poor teenagers to enjoy so they needed to add some characters that didn't fit and interfered too much. Actually I have to say the actors on VMars were generally good and well casted aside from Duncan. Like Weevil was so damn short but he made you believe he could kick the crap out of someone half a foot over him. And I ended up liking Dick in his douchebaggy way.im so busy i just wanna finish vmars and chuck Ahhahaha Yoo It doesn’t matter either way Street If you saw the last thor movie you would know that he would fuck anybody up literally the god of thunder this man is basically christ That’s Insane, the only avenger i see beating Batman is Iron Man. Maybe even Thor. But no one else comes close Iron man would dick batmans shit only one I can see him beating is cap Yes sonny !! I agree, but w the evidence given logan from vmars bc i continue to have bad tasteLook, I'm tempted to pull a and run out at the last second because something more important is happening.Amma kuma na san mai Vmars in 😹😹😸 pls face ya work sir. Parpesa kawai Actually two girls from my high school had bit parts in VMars. Lol. Bel/Freddie- The Hour Dutch/D’avin -Killjoys Jane/Michael -jTv Mindy/Casey -The Mindy Project Emma/Mark -Playing House Ginny/Mike -Pitch Olivia/Jake -Scandal Eliza/Henry -Selfie Veronica/Logan -Vmars Sookie/Eric -True Blood Grace/Tommy -Peaky Blinders Denise/Moray -The Paradise Good looking bro Wait. Sorry to ask but is this the same couchbaron who did TWOP vmars recaps?Mini VMars reunion ❤️ Is that another Vmars guest star?! I just ❤️ this episode! 